Add loads of things (#14)
frontierdigital/frontierdigital.github.io: content/blog/why-frontier-digital.md

One of the best ways to manage this is by moving to Kubernetes – this ensures that any scaling of your software happens smoothly, harmoniously and with limited downtime. We have lots of experience in supporting businesses to grow and expand.

We will remotely maintain your software, meaning less need for in-house and on-premise IT specialists, reducing IT maintenance costs significantly. We guarantee a low MTTR so that if any issues do arise, you are back in action fast. However, due to the high level of redundancy built into the architecture, you won’t even notice the vast majority of failures in the system.

## But why choose Frontier Digital?

Our goal is to work with businesses in the early stages of development who, like us, want to do things a little differently. We see many of our clients as young, growing businesses who understand the value a high-quality, bespoke cloud system can bring to their work – businesses who are as excited and motivated to grow with the support of powerful technology.

> We work with clients from a range of sectors. For us, it’s not about what you dobut how you think. A high volume and turnover of clients will never be our model. We want to build long-term relationships and focus on full coaching and implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We work with clients from a range of sectors. For us, it’s not about what you do but how you think. A high volume and turnover of clients will never be our model. We want to build long-term relationships and focus on full coaching and implementation.
```
